welcome to ask a barbarian part 2 where
we take your questions and ask a
barbarian you may be wondering how we're
going to get the barbarian here well
supercell shipped us a special device to
beam em here out of the game along with
very detailed instructions andrew is
going to take charge of that we're going
to do in here right now
okay just like come in did you read the
instructions
I'm not cherishing this one okay
then the instruction said pushing that
one first
look what it says it says barbarian said
how long is it said though like 10 mins
all right let's go let's go find it
mr. barbarian thank you for coming today
I'm sorry about the confusion with the
beaming up and everything the directions
were not clear on the location of the
being we have some questions here right
from the users from everybody let's get
going
sir barbarian what does Pekka stand for
that's a Finnish name yet but it's an
acronym Yeah right it's this periods
it's a person of extraordinary kinetic
killing abilities oh yeah who is your
favorite troop in the game Archer Queen
why well she seems pretty intimidating
at first but yeah once you get to know
her she's pretty cool it's all better
see eyes
no definitely nose help dark purple
beautiful yes there you have it right
now you have a do you even lift bro
excellent question who's this handsome
your question
I think that yes that does answer a
question definitely yes thank you what
is it like to be born to die what is
your daily workout routine maybe for the
second time a chest routine well I like
to superset incline dumbbell flyes to
dumbbell presses and sometimes I'll even
throw in some push-ups in between and
then I finish up with the narrow grip
dips
then how about what do you for protein
afterward roasted pig delicious pig when
we request troops in the game how do you
get to the other village exactly well we
just walked up to the water and the
cloud comes over and were there that's
very simple I think we have time for one
more question
ah actually my shields about to run out
so could you guys this being me back oh
yeah yeah okay right now yeah okay um
sure yeah fly mr. barbarian
okay well hope you got some of those
questions cleared up for you a little
bit of insights from the Barbarian life
the next video that we are going to be
releasing is the trailer itself they'll
be coming out the end of next week so
keep your eyes open for that we're going
to subscribe so you get notified when it
does come out so until next time
clash ah